This marriage doesn't count
Ye Feng, have you lost your heart?
You want to cling to the powerful
Now I don't hesitate to offend the second lady
You have to know that the second lady is in charge of the house value system
The position of the Shangguan family is extraordinary
I see you
I can't put my position clearly
You are the ex-wife of this trash
It's a bit of an eye
Miss 2, did you know?
He's just talking all over the place.
That's why I divorced him
Night wind, right?
I have investigated
You are a migrant worker
Earn thousands of dollars after working hard for a month
People like you
I don't even deserve to be the head of my Shangguan dog
How dare you want to be my Shangguan Linglong fiancé?
You dream your dream
Did you know
Shangguan Linglong is the eldest son of the Guan family in the imperial capital, Guan
A woman personally selected by Ming Cheng
The two marriage contracts have been settled
What are you?
It is also matched with the woman that the young master likes
Emperor Guanjia
That is the imperial capital with the most intense development momentum now
The upstart is the real rich family
Legend has it that there is a person behind their house
The big man who stirred the world
Silent support behind
What about the Shangguan family?
After the old man passed away
Although the network is far not as big as before
But if Shangguan Linglong can marry Guan Mingchang
The position of the Shangguan family can not only be stable
And ah, it's going even further than before.
Okay, the surname Ye has nothing to do with you here
I don't want to see something disgusting in front of me as an eyesore.
Shangguan Yu, your hand is a bit long.
My own engagement with Shangguan Linglong
It's not your turn to point fingers
You can keep these words and tell grandma the day after tomorrow.
What are you still doing here?
Can't you understand human language?
You are sensible, just get out by yourself
Don't make me throw you out!
Just because the official family is not enough
No one has the right to let Mr. Ye go
Because Mr. Ye and I have already got married